Using geteep and interp:

To compile, cd to the interpcode directory and type 'make'.  This will
create geteep and interp programs in the root SFH-1.1 directory.

Run geteep and interp from the command line in the usual way, specifying
the input file as STDIN:

% ./geteep < input/geteep.dat
% ./interp < input/interp.dat

geteep identifies and labels "empirical EEPs" in a list of isochrones 
given as input.  An empirical EEP is just a point along the isochrone
where either the color or the magnitude is a minimum or a maximum.

The geteep.dat input file has two lines at the top, which identify 
the number of magnitudes present in the isochrones and the magnitude
ID that should be used as the Y-axis (the X-axis is automatically
mag(i-1) - mag(i) ).  The rest of the file is the list of isochrones
that should be processed, and the corresponding output files.  The 
filenames can be any length up to 40 characters.  There is no strict 
column format; just separate the two filenames with whitespace.

Geteep expects standard StarFISH isochrone files:
(mass, mag1, mag2, ..., magN).  The output files will be the same, 
except there will be an integer column at the end which identifies
the EEP type of the isochrone point:
0 = not an EEP
1 = color minimum
2 = color maximum
3 = mag minimum
4 = mag maximum

Once you have run geteep to identify and label the EEPs, you can run interp 
to interpolate between existing isochrones.  The interp.dat input file
has one header line at the top which identifies the Y-axis magnitude, 
the number of magnitudes, and the fractional distance between the bracketing 
isochrones for the target interpolated isochrones.  For example, if the 
bracketing isochrones have metallicity 0.004 and 0.008, and the target 
isochrones are to have metallicity 0.005, the fractional distance should 
be 0.25.  (This assumes linear variation with metallicity, which is 
probably ok over small changes in metallicity).

The rest of interp.dat is the list of isochrones to be interpolated.
column 1 is the first bracketing isochrones (iso1), column 2 is the 
second bracketing isochrones (iso2), and column 3 is the target 
isochrones.  Again, there is no strict column format; each filename 
can be up to 40 characters long.

If you have interpolated in metallicity, you can use the interp.sm 
SM macro to examine the results.
% sm
> macro read interp.sm
> i 09.00     <-- shows bracketing isos and target iso for age=09.00

The macro assumes metallicities 004, 006 and 008.  Reset the values to 
match your run.  It's named "i" instead of "interp" because interp 
is an existing SM command.

interp.sm plots the isochrone tracks in three colors (white=iso1, 
red=iso2, green=result).  Along each isochrone, the EEPs are shown as large
symbols: 
   color-minimum: Triangle
   color-maximum: Square
   mag-minimum:   Star
   mag-maximum:   Asterisk

