Things you need to know about new changes in StarFISH 1.1.

1.  The input file parser is now much more flexible and 
robust, but the input file format has changed a bit.  In 
previous versions, you had to pay attention to the column 
position of the data on each line:

cmdfile  input/TM.cmds           synthCMD description file

Here, "input/TM.cmds" was the data being read, and it had 
to exist between columns 10 and 34.  If either the leading 
comment ("cmdfile") or the trailing comment ("synthCMD 
description file") infringed on this range of columns, it 
would cause errors.

The new file format places the data as the first "word" on 
the line:

input/TM.cmds           synthCMD description file

Everything up to the first <space> character is treated as 
the data.  Everything after the first space is ignored, no 
matter where the space occurs.  So a line like this:

47 Number of independent isochrone groups

is totally fine (but may not be very human-readable).  Note 
that filename arguments must be 40 characters long or less.  
Let me know if you need this limit to be increased.

Note that the parser cannot accept floating-point numbers in
exponential notation.  You can no longer use soemthing like
"1.0e-7" to represent a value, you'd have to use "0.0000001".

In addition, any lines in the input files which begin with "#" 
or "*" are ignored by the parser, so feel free to comment your 
input files.  However, note that the order in which valid data 
lines appear in each input file must be maintained.


2.  The random-number generator was not very good in the last 
version.  We are now using Maclaren's "dprand" code.  Thanks 
to Tom Brown for investigating this issue.


3.  The 'sfh' program can now use Dolphin's "Poisson" fitting 
statistic, instead of the chi-squared or Lorentzian statistics 
that were already available.  Just set the "fit statistic" 
parameter in the sfh input file to "2".


4.  The error modeling has been improved.  Instead of representing 
the "delta-mag" distributions in each crowding bin as a pair of 
1-dimensional cumulative dsitribution functions, they are now 
represented as a 2-dimensional cum. distro. fcn.  This allows the 
model to properly include covariance between the X-errors (color 
errors) and the Y-errors (mag errors) as a function of position 
in the CMD(s).


5.  While sfh is running, it outputs the current best 
parameters to the logfile more often than it used to.  It is 
possible to write a program that will show a "live update" of 
the current solution while sfh is runing, but I haven't written 
this yet.  If you want to contribute such a script/program, 
let me know!


