  Repop:  Construct an artificial stellar population 
          based on a StarFISH star-formation history
----------------------------------------------------

Repop is nearly identical to testpop.  The only difference is that 
this directory contains the script mkinput.awk that will generate 
an input file for repop, based on SFH amplitudes output by sfh.
Repop then generates an artificial population that you can use to 
compare to the real population on which the sfh solution is based.

To use repop:

1. Type 'gawk -f mkinput.awk -v pre=<file_prefix> <amps_file>' 
   to construct the input file.  The script will generate a file 
   named '<file_prefix>.input, and repop will use the same prefix.
   You may need to modify this script to make it suitable to your 
   data.  Specifically, the isochrone filenames, the number of 
   isochrone groups, and the number of isochrones in each group 
   are hard-coded.

2. Examine the generated input file to ensure that it is valid.

3. run 'repop < file_prefix.input'.  The number of stars constructed 
   by repop is probably different from the number of stars in the 
   original data.  To match the number of data stars, follow these steps:

   a. use 'wc' to count the number of stars in one of repop's output
      CMD files, and the corresponding input data CMD file.
 
   b. multiply nscale (in the repop input file) by N(data)/N(repop)

   c. run repop again

5. the repop.sm script can be used to display the CMDs.  Again, you
   may need to modify this script.  This script as written displays the 
   U-B,B; B-V,V; and V-I,I CMDs in three panels.  The artificial 
   population is shown as white points, and the original data are shown
   as red points.

   It takes two arguments, the prefix of the artificial photometry files,
   and the prefix of the original photometry files (the data files 
   are presumed to reside in the ../data directory, and the suffixes of
   the photometry files are presumed to be '.ub', '.bv', and '.vi').
