  Testpop:  Generate artificial stellar photometry based on 
            input SFH amplitudes.
-----------------------------------------------------------

Testpop constructs artificial stellar photometry based on a user-specified  
star formation history.  It uses the same code as the 'synth' program
to generate the photometry from isochrones.

Testpop requires two input files: its own version of the synth input file 
(which must be named "synth.dat", and reside in the testpop directory), 
and the testpop input file (which can be named anything, and is specified 
on the command line).  Build testpop by typing "make" in the testpop 
directory.  Run it like this:

% testpop < name_of_input_file

There is now an alternate version of testpop that will use an analytic
error model instead of reading an artificial stars test table.  To build 
this version, type "make -f Makefile.fake" in the testpop directory.
The executable is called "testpop2".

There is an example input file in the testpop directory (input.example).
The testpop input file should contain an 8-line header, followed by 
the list of SFH amplitudes.  The 8 parameters in the header are:

pre:         filename prefix for output photometry files (up to 8 chars)
lockflag:    1: lock isochrones into groups using synth.dat's lockfile 
nstars:      an amp of 1.0 will produce nstars objects.
dmod:        delta-distance modulus.  For adjusting the DM of the isochrones.
fext:        extinction multiplier for tweaking extinction.
gamma:       IMF slope (testpop recalculates occupation probabilities)
fbinary:     Binary fraction
sfrflag:     1: amps are SF rates (Msun/Gyr); 0: amps are Nstars/age-bin

The values for gamma and fbinary supercede the values in synth.dat.
Immediately following these 8 parameters, the input file should contain 
N lines with the following columns:

(1x), amp (f7.4), (2x), z_metal (f5.3), (2x), log_age (f5.2), (2x), niso (i2)

You should have one line per isochrone in the isofile (if lockflag=0), 
or one for each independent isochrone group (if lockflag=1).  amp is the 
desired amplitude for each isochrone/isochrone group.  If sfrflag=1, 
then the amps will be taken as star formation rates, with units Msun/Gyr.
Otherwise, they are simply Nstars per age bin.  niso is the number of 
isochrones in the group (if lockflag=0, then niso is not read).

Testpop will create NN(i) = (amplitude(i) * nstars) stars per isochrone.
Be aware that many of the stars will be undetectable, so the final number 
of stars output will be smaller than you might expect. 

Testpop outputs ncmd output photometry files, each containing the following 
data:

x_mag,  y_mag, x_err, y_err

These files may be used as input data to the sfh program.

