Brief explanation of the crowding digest file:

The synth program generates a "digest" file that is a condensed numerical 
representation of the photometric-error information in a crowding table.
It's a good idea to name the file similarly to your crowding table file, 
so that you can tell to which table each digest belongs.  For example,
if your crowding table is named "starfish.crowd", you should name the 
digest something similar like "starfish.cfn" (the "cfn" extension refers
to the fact that the photometric error distributions are stored in the
digest as cumulative functions).

To generate the digest, synth first divides the crowding table photometry
into the same CMD planes that will be used for constructing synthetic
CMDs.  It then divides the artificial stars into a grid of "crowding bins"
in each CMD (the geometry of the grid is determined by parameters in 
the synth input file).  The stars in each crowding bin are treated 
independently.

In each crowding bin, we have a population of artificial stars (both 
detected stars and photometric dropouts).  The detected stars have known
"delta-mag" offsets in both the X and Y directions.  By "delta-mag", I 
mean the quantity (mag(recovered) - mag(input).  You can imagine plotting
the distribution of the population in the delta-mag(x) vs. delta-mag(y)
parameter space.  For bright or uncrowded objects, the distribution will 
be centered at (0,0) with very little dispersion.  For faint, crowded 
objects, there will be much wider scatter and there may be systematic 
offsets away from (0,0).  

To assign photometric scatter to model populations when constructing 
synthetic CMDs, you could simply identify the crowding bin in which the 
model star lies, and randomly select from the AST population in that bin
to determine the model star's delta-mags in each direction.

However, there is a problem: we are forced to assume that the photometric
errors do not change appreciably over the size of a crowding bin.  If 
two neighboring crowding bins have very different error properties, the 
synthetic CMDs will have noticeable discontinuities at crowding-bin
boundaries.

To mitigate this problem, synth will actually interpolate the error 
properties of the four bracketing crowding bins to the exact position 
of each model star.  But how can it interpolate between four empirical 
2-D error distributions?

To enable interpolation, the 2-D error distributions are first pixelized.
That is, the delta-mag plane is divided into a fine grid of "pixels", and
we simply count the number of artificial stars found in each pixel.  We 
then convert the pixel populations to a cumulative distribution, which 
starts at 0.0 at the lower left, and increases by N(i,j)/Ntotal for each
pixel (i,j).  So the final pixel has a value of 1.0.

We can then assign photometric scatter in the following way:  

1.  identify the 4 bracketing crowding bins surrounding the model star.
2.  draw a single random number between 0.0 and 1.0, and determine the 
    delta-x, delta-y position at which the random value is reached in 
    each of the 4 bins' cumulative functions.
3.  Do a bilinear interpolation between the 4 delta-x and delta-y values 
    to get the offsets at the position of the model star.

